README.md, before:

# YuviTal Life SDK - [Platform: iOS/Android] Integration Guide v1.0.0

The YuviTal Life SDK allows you to easily integrate YuviTal Life functionality into your mobile application.

---

## Compatibility Notice

This SDK is designed exclusively for **native mobile applications** developed using:

-   **iOS:** Swift or Objective-C
-   **Android:** Kotlin or Java

> **IMPORTANT:** This SDK is **NOT compatible** with hybrid frameworks, including **React Native**. Integration into such frameworks is not supported at this moment.

### Prerequisites

-   **Target OS:** iOS 15.5+ / Android API 29+

### Installation

-   **Android**

**Maven repository**

Accessing the Yuvital Life SDK requires credential configuration. Please don't share these credentials in version control.

We recommend adding your credentials to the **`gradle.properties`** file.

```kotlin
# Add this to ~/.gradle/gradle.properties on your local machine, or put it in your CI's secrets store
yuvitalLifeSdkPassword=YOUR_PASSWORD
```

**Add maven to your app's dependency resolution in `settings.gradle.kts`:**

```kotlin
 dependencyResolutionManagement {
     repositories {
        // Other repositories you use:
        google()
        mavenCentral()

        // Add JitPack
        maven(url = "https://jitpack.io")

        // Yuvital Life SDK (Cloudsmith)
        maven {
            url = uri("https://dl.cloudsmith.io/basic/yuvital/yuvital-life-sdk-production/maven/")
            credentials {
              username = "token"
              password = providers.gradleProperty("yuvitalLifeSdkPassword").get()
            }
        }
     }
 }
```

**Add the dependency to your app's `build.gradle.kts`**

```kotlin
dependencies {
        implementation("com.yuvital:yuvitallife-sdk:1.1.6")
}
```

### Debug build limitation

> **Note:** The YuviTal Life SDK currently **does not work in Android debug builds**.  
> It is fully supported in **release / signed builds** only.  
> Debug support is a work in progress and will be addressed in a future SDK version.

Commit message:

Update README for Android Kotlin sample

README.md, after:

# YuviTal Life SDK - Android (Kotlin) Sample Integration Guide

This repository contains an **Android Kotlin sample application** that demonstrates how to integrate the YuviTal Life SDK into a native Android app.

---

## Compatibility Notice

This SDK is designed exclusively for **native mobile applications** developed using:

- **iOS:** Swift or Objective-C
- **Android:** Kotlin or Java

For iOS integration, refer to the corresponding **YuviTal Life iOS integration guide or sample project** in your documentation.

> **IMPORTANT:** This SDK is **NOT compatible** with hybrid frameworks, including **React Native**. Integration into such frameworks is not supported at this moment.

### Prerequisites

- **Target OS:** iOS 15.5+ / Android API 29+

### Installation

- **Android**

**Maven repository**

Accessing the Yuvital Life SDK requires credential configuration. Please don't share these credentials in version control.

We recommend adding your credentials to the **`gradle.properties`** file.

```kotlin
# Add this to ~/.gradle/gradle.properties on your local machine, or put it in your CI's secrets store
yuvitalLifeSdkPassword=YOUR_PASSWORD
```

**Add maven to your app's dependency resolution in `settings.gradle.kts`:**

```kotlin
 dependencyResolutionManagement {
     repositories {
        // Other repositories you use:
        google()
        mavenCentral()

        // Add JitPack
        maven(url = "https://jitpack.io")

        // Yuvital Life SDK (Cloudsmith)
        maven {
            url = uri("https://dl.cloudsmith.io/basic/yuvital/yuvital-life-sdk-production/maven/")
            credentials {
              username = "token"
              password = providers.gradleProperty("yuvitalLifeSdkPassword").get()
            }
        }
     }
 }
```

**Add the dependency to your app's `build.gradle.kts`**

```kotlin
dependencies {
        implementation("com.yuvital:yuvitallife-sdk:1.1.6")
}
```

### Debug build limitation

> **Note:** The YuviTal Life SDK currently **does not work in Android debug builds**.  
> It is fully supported in **release / signed builds** only.  
> Debug support is a work in progress and will be addressed in a future SDK version.
